chore(docs): add link to text input spec (#963)
Vonage/vivid-3: libs/components/src/lib/text-field/README.md

TextField is meant to accept text input from the user.
All native `input` attributes of the text-field are supported as well as some enhancements.

> While `text-field` follows [the W3C specifictation](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input), these are valid types:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While `text-field` follows [the W3C specifictation](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input), the following are the only, formally, supported types:
```

TextField is meant to accept text input from the user.
All native `input` attributes of the text-field are supported as well as some enhancements.

> While `text-field` follows [the W3C specifictation](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input/text), note that the text field does not support `type="number"`. For this there is the `number-field` component.

Reviewer 2: While `text-field` follows [the W3C specifictation](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input/text), note that the text field does not support `type="number"`. For this there is the `number-field` component.
```suggestion
While `text-field` follows [the W3C specifictation](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input/text), note that the text field does not support `type="number"`. For this there is the [`number-field`](https://vivid.deno.dev/components/number-field) component.
```
